automobiles have been part of our life
for over a century now and have evolved
significantly up until the 1970s almost
all innovation was mechanical but in the
last three decades there has been an
incredible shift to electronic and now
software driven innovation cars have
transformed from mechanical products to
computers on wheels in fact today many
modern luxury vehicles have well over 50
ECU's some approaching 80 these mini
computers drive massive complexity into
the design and supply chain management
of automobiles and control almost all
aspects of vehicles today OEMs and
suppliers are leveraging software to
drive the majority of innovation in
automobiles Forrester sites that the
cost of software as a percentage of
overall R&D spend was about four percent
in 2003 and will top 15% by 2015
software volume has been growing
exponentially and reportedly some
vehicles now have around 100 million
lines of software code on board and
although there are many reasons why
software is driving innovation this
growth comes with significant complexity
for OEMs and suppliers low visibility
into product release readiness is a
major challenge organizations are
struggling to manage the proliferation
of software product variants compliance
is costly and companies are struggling
with new standards such as iso 2 6-2 6-2
software quality directly impacts
product quality many times adversely and
finally OEMs and suppliers struggle to
collaborate as they must exchange
requirements design and software
artifacts software driven change only
adds to the complexity software change
is fundamentally different it is
relentless in velocity volume and really
never stops in fact software accounts
for up to ninety percent of the change
in many automotive products today PTC
integrity is the leading global software
development solution and thousands of
engineers within automotive OEMs and
suppliers use and rely on ptc integrity
every day to drive software innovation
in their products in a single product
PTC integrity delivers market leading
enterprise requirements management for
systems software and hardware also
providing seamless exchange of
requirements between OEMs and suppliers
with doors top-rated software change and
configuration management comprehensive
test management for all engineering
disciplines PTC integrity integrates
with tools like mathworks matlab
simulink and enterprise architect from
sparks to ensure lifecycle traceability
to model elements and to generated code
simulation and test artifacts as well as
automating change management for models
one of the key differentiators PTC
integrity offers is complete lifecycle
traceability across requirements design
code and test artifacts OEMs and
suppliers need a solution that goes
beyond the disjointed set of ALM tooling
other vendors provide PTC integrity is
purpose-built for high-velocity
engineering of software intensive
products it manages and connects all
engineering artifacts it automates and
enforces core software and system
processes PTC integrity illuminates
progress across the life cycle through
real-time release readiness indicators
facilitates requirements exchange
between OEMs and suppliers using the RI
of standard PTC integrity has an open
architecture allowing integration to
existing tools and supports incremental
adoption PTC integrity scales ahead of
enterprise needs finally it provides the
shorter time to value and lower total
cost of ownership these foundational and
differentiating capabilities are the
fuel for providing customers real
business value improving release
predictability by providing a real time
window into software progress and
release readiness
supporting functional safety development
and I so 2626 to compliance with a tuv
certified solution speeding development
cycles through enhanced coordination of
and collaboration between suppliers and
OEMs to speed development cycles
improving the efficiency and accuracy of
managing the high velocity and volume of
software driven change PTC is committed
to helping companies accelerate product
innovation through software